# Setup Thanos Receive
With prometheus-batcave & prometheus-batcomputer now running, we need to think about how we satisfy our two requirements:

Implement a global view of this data.
Global view must be queryable in near real-time.
How are we going to do this?

# Thanos Sidecar
After completing Tutorial #1: Global View, you may think of running the following architecture:

Run Thanos Sidecar next to each of the Prometheus instances.
Configure Thanos Sidecar to upload Prometheus data to an object storage (S3, GCS, Minio).
Run Thanos Store connected to the data stored in object storage.
Run Thanos Query to pull data from Thanos Store.
However! This setup does not satisfy our requirements above.

Can you think why?
Since we cannot access the Thanos Sidecar directly - we cannot query metrics data in real-time.

Thanos Sidecar only uploads blocks of metrics data that have been written to disk, which happens every 2 hours in Prometheus.
This means that the Global View would be at least 2 hours out of date, and does not satisfy requirement #2.

# Thanos Receive
Enter Thanos Receive.

Thanos Receive is a component that implements the Prometheus Remote Write API. This means that it will accept metrics data that is sent to it by other Prometheus instances (or any other process that implements Remote Write API).

Prometheus can be configured to Remote Write . This means that Prometheus will send all of its metrics data to a remote endpoint as they are being ingested - useful for our requirements!

In its simplest form, when Thanos Receive receives data from Prometheus, it stores it locally and exposes a Store API server so this data can be queried by Thanos Query .

Thanos Receive has more features that will be covered in future tutorials, but let's keep things simple for now.

# Run Thanos Receive
The first component we will run in our new architecture is Thanos Receive :
```bash
docker run -d \
    -v $(pwd)/receive-data:/receive/data \
    --net=host \
    --name receive \
    quay.io/thanos/thanos:v0.28.0 \
    receive \
    --tsdb.path "/receive/data" \
    --grpc-address 0.0.0.0:10807 \
    --http-address 0.0.0.0:10809 \
    --label "receive_replica=\"0\"" \
    --label "receive_cluster=\"wayne-enterprises\"" \
    --remote-write.address 0.0.0.0:10808
```
This starts Thanos Receive that listens on http://poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:10808/api/v1/receive' endpoint for Remote Write and on poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:10807` for Thanos StoreAPI.

Let's talk about some important parameters:

--label - Thanos Receive requires at least one label to be set. These are called 'external labels' and are used to uniquely identify this instance of Thanos Receive .
--remote-write.address - This is the address that Thanos Receive is listening on for Prometheus' remote write requests.
Let's verify that this is running correctly. Since Thanos Receive does not expose a UI, we can check it is up by retrieving its metrics page.

curl http://poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:10809/metrics

# Run Thanos Query
Next, let us run a Thanos Query instance:
```bash
docker run -d --rm \
    --net=host \
    --name query \
    quay.io/thanos/thanos:v0.28.0 \
    query \
    --http-address "0.0.0.0:38080" \
    --store "poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:10807"
```
Thanos Receive exposed its gRPC endpoint at poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:10807 , so we need to tell Thanos Query to use this endpoint with the --store flag.

Verify that Thanos Query is working and configured correctly by looking at the 'stores' tab here.

Now we are done right? Try querying for some data...

receive-empty-query-result.png

Uh-oh! Do you know why are we seeing 'Empty Query Result' responses?
We have correctly configured Thanos Receive & Thanos Query , but we have not yet configured Prometheus to write to remote write its data to the right place.

Hit continue and we will fix this setup!