# Configure Prometheus Remote Write
Our problem in the last step was that we have not yet configured Prometheus to remote_write to our Thanos Receive instance.

We need to tell prometheus-batcave & prometheus-batcomputer where to write their data to.

# Update Configuration
The docs for this configuration option can be found here.

Update the config file prometheus-batcave & prometheus-batcomputer
```bash
global:
  scrape_interval: 5s
  external_labels:
    cluster: batcave
    replica: 0

scrape_configs:
  - job_name: 'prometheus'
    static_configs:
      - targets: ['poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:8080']
remote_write:
- url: 'http://poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:10808/api/v1/receive'
```

```bash
global:
  scrape_interval: 5s
  external_labels:
    cluster: batcomputer
    replica: 0

scrape_configs:
  - job_name: 'prometheus'
    static_configs:
      - targets: ['poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:8081']
remote_write:
- url: 'http://poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:10808/api/v1/receive'
```
# Reload Configuration
Since we supplied the --web.enable-lifecycle flag in our Prometheus instances, we can dynamically reload the configuration by curl -ing the /-/reload endpoints.

```bash
curl -X POST http://poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:8080/-/reload
curl -X POST http://poc-lead.ovng.dev.myovcloud.com:8081/-/reload
```
Verify this has taken affect by checking the /config page on our Prometheus instances:

prometheus-batcave config page
prometheus-batcomputer config page
In both cases you should see the remote_write options in the configuration.

# Verify Setup
At this point, we have:

Two prometheus instances configured to remote_write .
Thanos Receive component ingesting data from Prometheus
Thanos Query component configured to query Thanos Receive 's Store API.
The final task on our list is to verify that data is flowing correctly.

Stop and think how you could do this before opening the answer below 👇

How are we going to check that the components are wired up correctly?
Let's make sure that we can query data from each of our Prometheus instances from our Thanos Query instance.

Navigate to the Thanos Query UI, and query for a metric like up - inspect the output and you should see batcave and batcomputer in the cluster label.